Previously on This Is Us...
Hey, Randall, take the next part.
KEITH:
Yeah, come on. You got this, bro.
How is your brother blacker
than you, Randall?
(laughs)
-Randall's an Oreo.
-(laughter)
Hello there, Randall.
I'm sorry, I can't do this.
ALLISON:
Dad?
KEVIN:
If I had been there,
I would've walked through literal fire
and I would've pulled that man out.
Hmm.
Well, Kev, I guess we'll never
know because you weren't there.
And he died ashamed of you.
You know, I used to think
the worst thing that happened to me
was the day that Dad died.
It's the day they brought you home.
Growing up, I, uh, I just
had to keep so many things to myself
because I didn't want
to make you guys feel bad.
I'm calling to ask you to be my best man.
RANDALL (over phone):
Absolutely.
Uh, I'd be honored.
When you stand up there next to me,
I don't want there to be
anything between us.
What if I come...
What if I come out?
-What if I come see you?
-Yeah, brother,
that's-that's cool with me.
Well, all right, then.
I'll book the fight.
Yeah.
Definitely a lot of moisture swirling in
from that low-pressure center.
Once it cross I-70 and hit that cold air?
Time for the heavy coats.
(laughs softly)
Sorry, enough about snow.
-Hmm?
-Mm-hmm. (laughs)
Mmm.
How was your day, honey?
Honestly, I wouldn't mind
a snow day or two.
If I have to explain
the Dewey Decimal System
-one more time...
-That's, uh,
Donald Duck's nephew, right?
Hush.
(laughs)
Hmm.
Sounds like we're gonna
have to grab your winter coat
and gloves from the basement
for school tomorrow.
-Mm-hmm.
-Randall?
Randall?
That's okay, bud.
I got it, hmm?
♪ ♪
Yeah, well, I knew Randall was obsessed,
but it looks like Mister Rogers
has his hooks in Kev now, too.
Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah, I'm just about to tell 'em.
Okay.
Now would you please go enjoy
your girls' weekend?
Yeah.
Hey, kiss Katie girl three times for me.
Okay. Yeah, I love you, too. Bye.
Hey, boys?
I have a big surprise for you.
Boys, hey.
Okay, so gigantic news.
I'm just gonna,
I'm gonna turn this off gently.
-Dad! We was watching it!
-Dad!
Yeah, no, I know.
Hey, look, don't jump down my throat.
I got a question for you.
What is better than
watching Mister Rogers on TV? Huh?
Maybe going and seeing
Mister Rogers live in person?
(gasps) That's right.
Mister Rogers' Neighborhood
is filmed right here in Pittsburgh.
The man himself, he wants to chat
with some little neighbors.
So what do you say?
Do you guys want to go?
-BOTH: Yeah!
-Yeah, that's right.
That's right. Of course you want to go.
We want to go.
Hey, I'm gonna use these hands
a little later
because we're gonna write a thank-you note
to Pete in construction
for getting us on the list.
Right? Okay, so, your spoons are down,
-I want your jammies off.
-(both laugh)
And then we'll go, go, go, go, go.
(laughter)
Get those jams off. Come on.
Randall, I said I wasn't finished yet.
What?
You know I like to drink
the milk at the end.
Oh. Sorry.
You know, Randall, I know
Kevin's visit has you on edge,
but let's not let the sweet,
sweet cereal milk suffer for it.
It's just so... formal.
I mean, he's flying all the way
out here to talk about...
you know...
Your racially-charged childhood?
-That's not what I was...
-Randall.
(stammers softly)
I asked for this, here it is,
and now I wish I could
put it off for another 40 years.
Randall, the man is coming
across country
to have a long-awaited talk.
This needs to happen.
I know. And it will.
Well, I am taking the girls ice skating,
clearing out for the day.
Let you two have your space.
-Y'all can stay if you want.
-(chuckles): Oh, no.
You know good and well,
if the girls see him first,
they will be sucking up
all of Uncle Kevin's time and attention.
Look, you said his acting was trash
and his father died ashamed of him.
He said he hated
that they ever adopted you.
Can't get any worse.
It can get worse.
(knocking on door)
What up?
The Fresh Prince
has finally arrived in L.A.
-How was the cab ride, man?
-Oh, it was fine, I guess.
-Yeah?
-Didn't think there'd literally be palm trees everywhere.
Did you whistle for a cab,
and when it came near,
the license plate said "Fresh"
-and it had dice in the mirror?
-(chuckles)
You're stupid.
Wait, so you've been
in this apartment for two months
and this is all your furniture?
I mean, where'd you get it?
The streets?
-Yeah, pretty much.
-(laughs)
Wait, we're not gonna
be sharing the same bed, right?
'Cause I would rather just stay
at the hotel with the team.
You call Model U.N. a "team"?
(laughs):
Shut up.
Hey, so, we partying this week or what?
Nah, no.
If I'm not studying,
I'm gonna be dipping in and out
for team meetings.
Randall, it's your spring break, man.
It's your first time visiting me, okay?
It's the perfect opportunity
for us to own L.A.,
just the two of us.
Well, I don't know, I guess a little fun
could loosen me up for the conference.
-Tonight? Huh?
-T... Uh...
(sighs)
Fine.
There he is.
(chuckles)
Let's pregame.
-(doorbell rings)
-(laughs softly)
-There he is.
-Hey.
-Get in here.
-Yeah?
-Yeah.
-How you doing, man?
-All right.
-You good?
-I'm good, man. Yeah.
-Good.
(door closes)
You, uh...
Decent flight?
-Huh?
-Decent flight?
Oh, y...
Nah, no.
Yeah, it was a mixed bag, actually.
You know, I, uh,
I-I dominated on easy sudoku,
and then I moved up a level
and got smoked, so...
Well, you're either
an all-star or a ball boy.
-No in-betweens in sudoku.
-That is true.
-It's what I've learned.
-Yeah.
Anyway...
Sorry.
I keep checking this...
I-I'm expecting a call
from Robert De Niro.
We're supposed to talk about
our reshoots, and I feel myself
compelled to constantly check my phone
to make sure the battery's
not dying, because...
-You walked out of set on him.
-Yeah, that's right.
-My brother, walking out on Bobby D.
-Well, it's...
Don't let yourself
get too attached to anything
that you're not willing
to walk out on in 30 seconds flat
if you feel the heat around the corner.
It's Heat.
Yeah.
That's good.
Thank you.
-Listen, I don't want
to beat around the bush...Need some water?
No? Hmm?
Uh... I'm... I'm fine.
Um...
Look...
I just feel like it would be
easy to start catching up,
you know, and fall back into our rhythm
without actually talking.
And I don't want this to get away from me.
Randall, there are some things
I need to say to you.
Here we go.
You guys excited?
-BOTH: Yeah.
-Yeah.
Mister Rogers will be arriving
soon, gang, and he loves
talking with boys and girls
like yourselves.
Let's hurry up
so everyone has a good seat.
Name?
All right.
Here you go.
And, uh, here you go.
-Thank you.
-And...
-Uh...
-Hey, uh, Jack Pearson.
-We should be on the list.
-Uh...
Yep.
Yeah, no, we got you.
-And, uh, how many kids you got?
-Just two.
Fantastic.
There you go.
-And there you go.
-Uh...
Actually, no, these, uh,
these two are mine.
-Right here.
-Oh. Oh, my God.
I-I'm so sorry.
That's, um, that's-that's my fault.
JACK: No, no, it's not a problem.
It's not a problem.
It's an easy mistake.
Happens all the time.
We're just happy to be on the list.
Right?
Yeah. Randall here, he's a huge,
huge fan of Mister Rogers.
So if maybe, like,
there's a, uh, a special seat,
think that'd be nice.
Wouldn't you like that, bud?
Yeah.
STEPH:
Uh... of course.
Great. Thanks.
Let's get this lanyard on.
All right, my man.
All right, you're an official neighbor
of Mister Rogers now.
-(giggles)
-Right? Look at that.
It says you're special.
I'm gonna get you a special seat, huh?
Maybe outside of the kitchen?
♪ Ah, ha, hush that fuss ♪
♪ Everybody move to the back of the bus ♪
♪ Do you want to bump and slump with us? ♪
♪ We the type of people
make the club get crunk ♪
♪ Ah, ha, hush that fuss, everybody move ♪
♪ To the back of the bus ♪
♪ Uh-huh, uh-huh ♪
♪ Baby, yeah, yeah ♪
♪ Say ah, ha, hush that fuss ♪
♪ Everybody move to the back
of the bus... ♪
Wow.
Now that I think about it,
you're definitely
more of a Carlton than a Fresh Prince.
Whatever, I'm just getting warmed up.
Yo, aren't we supposed to be going out?
Like, you know, when do we actually,
you know, go out?
Yeah.
Uh... right now.
I took the imitative of getting
us some fake IDs, bro.
(chuckles)
(laughs)
Oh, Jesus. Oh...
Hey, I get getting the bed frame
off the side of the street,
but did you have to get the art
off the side of the road, too?
KEVIN:
Yeah, uh, a friend of mine
gave that to me.
I didn't... I didn't want to be mean.
(Randall laughs)
(exhales sharply)
Here.
No time to get fancy, I just borrowed it
from a buddy of mine in acting class.
But it looks nothing like me.
He's... he's pushing 40.
Who cares?
He's a Black guy, you're a Black guy.
-It'll be fine.
-(chuckles)
Hey. I'm telling you,
it's gonna get the job done, okay?
Promise.
RANDALL:
Speak freely, man.
Obviously I had a conversation with Kate.
On our birthday.
She clearly relayed some things to you.
Yeah, she did.
Um...
Look, Randall.
I'm not blind, okay?
I understand...
that it must've been difficult for you
growing up a Black kid in a white family.
And I know...
being the only Black kid
in your school wasn't easy either.
Sure.
I've been thinking a lot
about high school.
Um, the prom.
You remember the-the prom?
That girl you took-- the redhead--
what's her name?
-Allison.
-Allison. That's right.
You took Allison to the prom
only to have her dad treat you... awfully.
The guy was a racist prick.
I should've done more to protect you
in that situation, Randall.
I wish I would have.
You know, I was standing right there, man.
I-I didn't...
I didn't do anything.
I should've protected you.
I'm sorry.
I've been thinking
a lot about that, you know.
And I'm sorry if you ever felt alone.
And I'm sorry if your childhood wasn't...
what you wanted it to be.
And I am genuinely sorry, Randall...
...if I played any part
in ever making you feel alone or bad.
Ever.
It's something I should've said
a long time ago.
And I wanted to come here,
I wanted to look at you,
right in the eye,
and I want to say it to your face.
Thanks, Kev.
Hey.
(chuckles)
Come on, Randall,
so, what I'm trying to say is,
honestly, man,
from the bottom of my heart, I'm...
-I'm really sorry.
-Yeah, man.
And I appreciate it.
Okay, good, 'cause it just...
it doesn't really seem like you do.
(sighs)
It's a very kind sentiment.
It was a beautiful monologue.
You're annoyed with me.
Trying not to be.
Man, I got to s...
I'm-I'm a little lost here.
I don't know, I don't know what...
what you're expecting from me.
Kev, honestly, I don't know.
-You don't know?
-I don't.
-But you're annoyed with me?
-I'm trying not to be.
I think I'm gonna get a little air.
Randall, look, man.
I said I need some air, Kev.
-As in "give me space for a sec."
-Yeah.
I've been giving you space for a sec
for a really long time.
You've been unhappy with us.
You said there were things...
uh, that happened in our family
that we didn't acknowledge,
things we didn't see.
You've been cold-shouldering me
for about a year now.
We've both been cold-shouldering
each other, Kev.
Randall.
Come on.
I'm glad you recognize
how messed-up the prom situation was.
But you're just glossing over
one overt moment of racism
with an obviously prepared
speech of things
-that you think I want to hear.
-Well, that's not fair.
Then you hit me with the "if's"
like you're... (sighs)
like you're apologizing
for a miscalculated tweet.
If I felt alone, if you played a part.
If, Kev?
That is not taking responsibility.
After all these years,
you're still so tone-deaf, man.
Hey, I'm standing here right now,
taking responsibility.
-Are you, though?
-What do you want from me, man?
I'm not a mind reader, okay?
I'm asking you, what do you want from me?
(phone ringing)
(sighs)
(doorknob rattles)
You have a key?
-You got to be kidding me.
-Great.
You know what?
Let it ring off the hook.
(chuckles):
Who needs a career anyway, right?
It's not like I got twins at home.
-(phone ringing)
-Oh, come on.
♪ ♪
Leave me alone.
-(quiet chatter)
-I can't see.
(quietly):
Excuse me a sec.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Hey, what?
-What's wrong, bud?
-I can't see.
You can see just fine.
Here, just turn around.
I want Randall's seat.
Kevin, you and Randall have
identical seats.
Exactly the same.
Can you see?
Then you can see, too.
Here, put your eyes forward.
Behave and have fun.
Have fun.
Okay, neighbors.
Please welcome and give a big hand
to Mister Rogers!
MISTER ROGERS:
Hello, neighbors.
Thank you for coming.
♪ ♪
De Niro's gonna be pissed.
-Mm.
-Again.
Yeah.
Beth's gone all day?
Well, maybe we break a window
or something.
No, man.
You can't break a window.
Be honest with me, you had no intention
of accepting my apology,
no matter what I said, right?
I wasn't even expecting an apology.
And you clearly don't even understand
what it is you're apologizing for.
All you wanted was the perception
of doing the right thing.
Oh, come on.
This-this is... See, this...
What is it, man?
Say it, Kev.
Yeah, okay. I wanted to do
the right thing, Randall.
I wanted to do the right thing,
even though y...
Even though what, man?
-You can just say it.
-Your childhood, Randall.
It was glorious.
It was glorious, man.
I was there for it.
You were the golden child.
Everything about you.
(stammers)
Your adoption.
Everything, it made you
more special, not less.
I never wanted to be special, man.
I just wanted to blend in
like everybody else.
But that was impossible in our family,
because I always stood out.
Everywhere we went--
the store, the park, vacations.
And the last thing I needed, man--
the last thing--
was for my brother
to use my blackness to-to...
to other me also.
I don't know what the hell
we're talking about, man.
You had racial blind spots, Kev.
Deep ones that affected me.
Not my prom date's dad,
you.
Yeah.
You're-you're grouping me with that guy?
I'm not.
Because the pain that that man
inflicted was intentional.
You were just thoughtless
and willfully in the dark,
which actually somehow hurt more.
(stammers)
So I'm a racist?
No, you said that, Kev, not me.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
-Hey, Randall.
-(mutters)
-Don't walk away.
-You want to get back in the house or not?
♪ It's up to us to make it ♪
♪ And find understanding
beyond this disguise. ♪
(knocks)
Can you change the station?
We're going to a party, not a funeral.
(song playing in Spanish)
-(groans)
-(knocks)
Nah, man.
That's Spanish.
-Hey, it's Spanish.
-RANDALL: Dude, chill.
(radio dial changing)
♪ Pink gators, my Detroit players ♪
Hell yes!
-(Kevin laughs)
-♪ In Brooklyn, dead right ♪
♪ If the head right,
Biggie there every night ♪
♪ Poppa been smooth since days
of Underoos... ♪
(laughs)
Come on, Randall.
Hey, please, for me.
Listen, why don't you take off
your Model U.N. face
and put on your model F.U.N. face?
God, you're such a moron.
Eh, you know that was good.
Hey, you taking the 101?
Um...
Can you stay on Sunset, please?
Just stay...
RANDALL:
Hey, stop. You're being a dick.
Hey, I-I'm sorry about my brother.
He's just drunk.
Yeah, you heard him,
brothers from another.
-Hey, stop. Stop.
-Brothers from another.
-Stop.
-Stop what?
I'm over tonight.
I'm just gonna go to a hotel with my team.
Hey, sir.
Can you just take me to the hotel...
We're going to the club.
Get excited, Randall!
-Stop. No.
-We're going to the club.
I don't want to.
Stop.
You're really something, Randall.
You know, I had to drink tonight
to brace myself
for a night with my brother.
Dude, you drank 'cause you're a drunk.
I have no problem going out
and having fun.
I just have a problem doing it with you.
Get out of my face.
-Oh, what are you gonna do about it?
-Don't touch me, Randall.
-Oh, don't touch you.
-Don't touch me.
Get out of my face!
Do not touch me!
-What is wrong with you?
-DRIVER: Hey, hey. You two...
got to get the hell out my cab.
-Great, Randall.
-You're an ass.
KEVIN:
You're an ass. Look what you did.
-You're literally still touching me.
-What are you talking about?
Hey, hey! Now.
KEVIN:
It's your fault, you idiot.
RANDALL (quietly):
You're such an ass.
-So tired of you always having something to say.
-Okay. Okay.
-Come at me. I'm gonna kick your ass.
-Bring it, then, man.
-Come on!
-Come here! Come here!
Yeah, y'all definitely about to box.
(chuckles)
-Watch!
-I want to see you try.
Now we reach our hands way up high.
And then we shake, shake, shake,
shake, shake, shake, shake.
Remember...
I like you just the way you are.
Hey, that was pretty cool, right?
-Did you guys have fun?
-Yeah.
KEVIN:
I want to go
to the playground.
Hey, Kev, the playground's
always gonna be there.
Okay? This was a once
in a lifetime opportunity.
Hey, boys' weekend's not over.
So we can go nuts
at the playground tomorrow, okay?
-Let's go.
-Tag, you're it!
Kevin, I'm not playing around.
Kevin, right...
Randall, stay right here, okay?
Don't move.
Kevin?
Hello.
What's your name?
(grunting)
-Get off me!
-Hell no!
(both grunting)
Ow! Idiot!
I have an audition tomorrow morning!
You hit me in the face, Randall!
I didn't even hit you that hard.
I was trying to pin you.
You don't even have a mark.
What?!
I don't have my keys.
Oh, please tell me you didn't
leave 'em in the taxi.
They're probably here somewhere.
(breathes deeply)
-You're gonna have to address this.
-Can we just focus
on getting back in the house, please?
Miss Palm has a spare key.
Wait a minute, you gave your neighbor
-access to your house?
-She's a sweet old lady
that never goes anywhere... hopefully.
Please be home.
Councilman Pearson?
-How you doing, honey?
-Hi, Miss Palm.
I'm good, thanks.
And is that the Manny?
Hey, Miss Palm.
How are you?
Well, what in the world is the Manny
and the councilman doing at my door?
He's actually my brother.
I'm adopted.
Oh, that's right.
Well, you boys must have had some parents.
KEVIN:
Yes!
Yes, we did have some parents.
Uh, listen, ma'am, we actually
got locked out of the house.
Do happen to have that spare key?
Oh, let me check.
Thank you.
(door closes)
What?
-You called me racist.
-No, I didn't.
-You called yourself racist.
-Oh, come on.
-Why would I do that?
-Is that a rhetorical question?
Because if so, then I would
answer rhetorically.
Mm, guilt?
Your brother, Randall.
Your brother who loves you,
who pretty much worships you.
-I don't want you to worship me.
-In fact... okay, hold on a second.
Your brother who came here today to say,
"I am sorry."
I'm sorry that I missed things
when we were growing up.
I'm sorry that you ever felt alone.
How exactly is that racist?
It was never just
that I was a nerd.
You had to call me Carlton.
It was never just that
I-I didn't know cool music.
You had to call me out for not
knowing rap lyrics.
What if I was white?
-Would we have the same relationship?
-Of course.
Yes, we'd be brothers.
I would love you like a brother.
And you know what else?
We'd butt heads
-just like brothers do.
-Nah, man, not-not on this level.
You're making me out to be
some sort of Grand Wizard here.
I don't think you're a racist, man.
I really don't.
But the microaggressions
through the years...
I was jealous of you,
it had nothing to do with you being
Black, Randall, it had to do with my envy.
-What do you want from me?
-I want you to acknowledge
that you've always resented
the fact that I'm Black.
And not just as kids, man.
Last year you told me, to my face,
that the worst thing
that ever happened to you
was me being brought home to your family.
Yeah, I said that to you because
you were manipulating our mother
to do something
that she didn't want to do.
Right.
Here you go, sweetie.
Thank you so much, ma'am.
You are a blessing.
Oh, I hated that Stallone movie--
too violent.
You should be funny more.
Like Dick Van Dyke and Richard Pryor.
All right, well, thank you.
I had a Golden Globe nomination
for that performance,
but, ah...
I'll just be a clown.
-Randall?
-Hey, man...
do you ever consider the fact...
that me being brought home
to the Pearson family
wasn't a perfect day for me, either?
It was the day that I lost
William and Laurel.
So you never think about that?
That the day Mom and Dad found me
was also the day
that I lost my own
birth mother and birth father?
I think...
Just say it, man.
I think you sound wildly ungrateful.
-Hmm.
-Honestly. Mom and Dad saved your life.
You think I'm not grateful for that?
Of course I'm grateful.
And I have been told
how grateful I should be
and how lucky I should feel
my whole life, man.
And if, for a second,
I don't act that way,
people come at me crazy,
-like you are right now.
-Can you blame 'em?
It is a prison, Kevin,
having to show gratitude,
and nothing but gratitude,
all the damn time.
It's suffocating, man!
Well, I'm so sorry that you
feel suffocated, Randall.
I'm sorry that you feel trapped
by your family.
Your white family.
Damn it!
That is not what I'm trying to say!
That's what you did say.
I don't...
(sighs)
I needed to stretch, too, so I decided
to step out of my clock
and do a little stretch.
(Randall laughs)
Maybe I'll read a book next.
Do you like reading books?
Yes.
They help us develop
our imaginations, don't they?
Do you like using your imagination?
I have imaginary parents.
Well, that's okay.
We all have our own
neighborhoods of make-believe.
JACK:
Hey, Randall?
Come on, let's go.
Come on.
I can't believe we looked for an hour,
and they were in your freaking pocket.
Do I have a bruise on my face?
Nah.
If something pops up, though,
it'll give you
-a little character.
-Finally.
(Randall chuckles)
I got, uh... annoyed with you
-in the, the cab...
-Yeah, I was being a dick.
I get it.
No...
Well, yes.
You were being rude to the cab driver.
Hmm.
Th-The Black cab driver?
Um, well, uh, I-I mean,
I'm rude to all cabbies, man.
It really doesn't matter
what color they are.
That's kind of an oblivious thing to say.
I-I don't, I don't see it that way, man.
I...
know you don't.
Let's just talk about something else.
Look, man, um...
I was just trying to have
a good time with you.
I'm gonna be honest.
Um...
things have not been going
so great for me out here.
What do you mean?
The crap painting in my apartment...
is mine.
I did it.
You know, I started painting
to try to express my feelings.
My acting teacher, uh, thought it'd help.
Um...
I've been bombing all my auditions.
I'm probably gonna bomb
the one tomorrow morning.
And, um...
my career is nowhere.
And you have everything, Randall.
Beth.
Huge future.
I'm just, uh,
the family failure, you know?
I don't see it that way, Kev.
I know you don't.
(chuckles)
Well, I got Hot Pockets inside
if-if you want some.
Yeah.
(keys jingling)
Phone's over there.
(sputtering)
You really wish you were never adopted?
It's not that simple.
Yeah.
I remember when you found William.
I think that's when I realized
you wanted something different.
Look, man, I know...
our experiences growing up
in our family were different.
I know that.
But I just...
I don't see it the way that you do.
You still paint?
No, I...
You know, I haven't done that in a while.
I always thought it was kind of cool,
that you would tap
into your feelings by painting.
Yeah.
Creating a visual representation
of all the stuff
going on inside you.
I'm-a try and paint you a picture.
-Okay?
-Okay.
I started going to this support group
for transracial adoptees.
They explained this term to me:
Ghost Kingdoms.
It's like an alternate reality
in your mind
where you imagine the life
you would have had
if you were never adopted.
And, um, I realized
that I've had this Ghost Kingdom
my entire life.
I just never had a name for it.
Since I never knew
who my birth parents really were...
-MARGARET: Randall?
-RANDALL: I imaginedthat the nice librarian
from the neighborhood library
and the Black meteorologist
on the local news were my parents.
The guy we always used
to pray to for snow days?
-Yep.
-Yeah.
And the librarian.
She always let you check out
more books than you were allowed.
She did.
They were the only two adults
that I consistently saw
that looked like me.
Now, this group told me that, uh,
this is a pretty common thing.
But back then I didn't know that.
So picture me, Kev.
Picture me at five
having the same type of fantasy
that a lot of kids have...
but thinking I was doing something bad.
But I wasn't.
Was just going to an imaginary place
that was supposed to be just for me.
But that's not the full picture.
Because I could never
fully escape into my fantasy.
'Cause I felt too guilty.
Because I loved you guys too much.
JACK:
You know, it's actually perfect weather.
Yeah, no, no, it's-it's perfect weather.
REBECCA:
Perfect weather for who?
JACK: For football.
Steelers always have an advantage
in the snow.
Hey, bud, come on.
Come here, bud.
You're right next to me.
I couldn't even create a fantasy world
without you guys, Kev.
Do you know how unusual that is?
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, Randall.
I'm sorry there were things I didn't see
when we were growing up.
And I'm sorry there are things
I... I still don't see.
You are my brother.
And I love you.
You're the only brother I'll ever have.
(exhales)
You're my best man.
Dad didn't die ashamed of you.
And the only reason I said it
in our fight was because...
it was a cheap shot.
I'm sorry.
He was proud of you.
I am proud of you.
(laughs softly)
And I'm sorry that I ever
let you think otherwise.
-Come here. I love you.
-Love you, too.
(whispers):
You said I was a bad actor.
(laughs)
You did.
You're a fantastic actor.
But I think Miss Palm's right.
-Comedy's your sweet spot.
-I know.
-You got to do...
-Give 'em the yuks, man.
-I know.
♪ ♪
Okay.
Who's hungry? Huh?
What do you say we do this picnic-style?
In honor of boys' weekend.
Bon appétit.
All right, you guys
got to make me a promise, okay?
Nobody tells Mom that we had PB&J
for breakfast, lunch and dinner.
Deal?
Deal.
Oh, sticky hands already.
I'll get some napkins.
KENT (over TV):
Temperatures reaching near 60 degrees
but not tonight or tomorrow.
Today in Pittsburgh,
temperatures again below normal.
Currently, International Airport
sky conditions...
You know, if I kind of tilt my head
and squint my eyes,
it kind of looks
like a Jackson Pollock painting.
-You're still drunk, man.
That's... that's not...(laughs)
-Ah...
-Ooh.
(laughs)
-I told you. (laughs)
-Yeah, you...
Yes, sir.
Thank you.
De Niro good?
De Niro great.
Yeah, he's either the most
forgiving person on the planet
-or he really just doesn't care about me at all.
-(laughs)
(groans)
(exhales)
And that kind of represents
what the NFL is moving towards,
and that's mobile quarterbacks
that can run for a first down,
uh, they can beat you with their legs,
he can beat you with his arms, so, yeah...
You still think about that?
-The imaginary kingdom?
-Ghost Kingdom?
Yes.
Ghost Kingdom.
Uh...
Most people,
it fades away as they get older,
but, uh, I've held onto mine.
Still go there in my dreams,
occasionally, even now.
It's always me at the same age,
always with the weatherman
and the librarian and all of you guys.
Even after I found William
and then Laurel.
Still can't seem to replace the weatherman
and the librarian.
Or us.
Or you.
I don't know,
I must be stuck or something.
It's a lot.
What is?
Rest of the world
can't say the ugly thing.
But we have to.
You're not just my smart,
successful brother, Randall.
You're my Black, smart,
successful brother.
And I think maybe I did resent that.
And maybe I thought
you getting special treatment
was mixed up with... with you being Black.
And I wanted to take you down
a notch, and I...
...I overlooked things
that I shouldn't have.
And I took shots at you
that I shouldn't have taken.
And I was more jealous of you
than I should've been.
Hmm.
I mean, hey, look,
I-I'm pretty successful myself, right?
Well, not everybody's
got Bobby D on speed dial.
-(laughs)
-(door opens)
-TESS: Uncle Kevin!
-Hey! Bring it in here for the real thing!
What's up? How's everybody doing?
What, we got food?
Let's go, let's chow.
-You guys do some shopping?
-BETH: Uncle Kevin!
-Hey!
-(laughs) Great to see you.
Good to see you.
♪ ♪
How about some tunes with dinner?
Yes.
Mommy loves that.
Randall, how does this taste?
-Mmm.
-Mommy did good?
-Mm-hmm.
Mmm.
♪ To be free ♪
♪ I wish I could break ♪
♪ All the chains holdin' me ♪
♪ I wish I could say ♪
♪ All the things that I should say ♪
♪ Say 'em loud, say 'em clear ♪
♪ For the whole round world to hear ♪
♪ I wish I could share ♪
♪ All the love that's in my heart. ♪
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH